You can finally call me baby.
You remember?
The day we first met?
Remember.
More than the first time.
Oh.
Sir, I've been beaten.
Want to go to the night called crazy
- Who's that?
What if that's the case?
It must be you.
Don't come down here looking for death.
Excuse me.
Can't give me hope
I want to.
I love you.
Don't tell him.
Can't get your happiness
If love forgets
Just let him go.
I let him come in my place.
I'll still think about him.
We'll be together in the next life.
Not just the next life.
And the next life.
Next Life
Oh, sorry.
I can't remember.
What is life like?
There's no sugar.
Back off.
Congratulations to the owner on completing the task.
Sue, don't erase your memory right away.
Wait a minute.
To protect the mental health of the host
It's about to clear the memory of the host.
Ding Dong Bound Job
The new mission world is opening up.